Bugfix on syslog port, added commands to list available NAPv5 images (#409)
nginx/documentation: content/nap-waf/v5/admin-guide/deploy-on-docker.md

{{< include "nap-waf/setup-docker-registry.md" >}}

### Listing all tags

> For a complete tag list for NGINX App Protect WAF enforcer and NGINX App Protect WAF configuration manager, use the command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a complete tag list for NGINX App Protect WAF enforcer and NGINX App Protect WAF configuration manager, use the following commands:
```
